feat: add exclusive content front end (#140)
WICG/webmonetization: docs/exclusive-content.md

    style={{ height: '100%', width: '100%', border: '0' }}>
  </iframe>
</div>

## Exclusive content with payment verification

The above examples only hide content client side which could be spoofed by a clever user.

> Since the introduction of STREAM receipts it is possible to verify payments using a STREAM receipt verifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the introduction of STREAM receipts it is possible to verify payments using a [STREAM receipt verifier](/docs/receipt-verifier).
```

The Exclusive Content Generator allows users to generate an encrypted piece of content that can be embedded on the web page.

:::info
Want to try the Exclusive Content Generator right away? Check it out [here](/exclusive-content).
:::

### How does it work?

> The Exclusive Content Generator is a Cloudflare worker that derives an encryption key from the user's payment pointer and a master key and returns it to the Creator's client. The client then encrypts the exclusive content and the verifier endpoint and displays all the information required for decryption in a <code>div</code> tag. It also provides a JavaScipt scipt to be embedded on the Creator's web page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Exclusive Content Generator derives an encryption key from the user's payment pointer and a master key and returns it to the Creator's client. The client then encrypts the exclusive content and the verifier endpoint and displays all the information required for decryption in a <code>div</code> tag. It also provides a JavaScript script to be embedded on the Creator's web page.
```

> [![](https://mermaid.ink/img/eyJjb2RlIjoic2VxdWVuY2VEaWFncmFtXG5hdXRvbnVtYmVyXG5DcmVhdG9yIC0-PiBDcmVhdG9yJ3MgQ2xpZW50OiBwYXltZW50IHBvaW50ZXIsIGNvbnRlbnQsIHZlcmlmaWVyIGVuZHBvaW50IChvcHRpb25hbClcbkNyZWF0b3IncyBDbGllbnQgLT4-IEV4Y2x1c2l2ZSBDb250ZW50IEdlbmVyYXRvcjogcGF5bWVudCBwb2ludGVyXG5FeGNsdXNpdmUgQ29udGVudCBHZW5lcmF0b3IgLT4-IEV4Y2x1c2l2ZSBDb250ZW50IEdlbmVyYXRvcjogZGVyaXZlcyBlbmNyeXB0aW9uIGtleSBmcm9tIHBheW1lbnQgcG9pbnRlclxuRXhjbHVzaXZlIENvbnRlbnQgR2VuZXJhdG9yIC0-PiBDcmVhdG9yJ3MgQ2xpZW50OiBlbmNyeXB0aW9uIGtleVxuQ3JlYXRvcidzIENsaWVudCAtPj4gQ3JlYXRvcidzIENsaWVudDogZW5jcnlwdHMgY29udGVudCBhbmQgdmVyaWZpZXIgZW5kcG9pbnQsIGdlbmVyYXRlcyBkaXYgdGFnXG5DcmVhdG9yJ3MgQ2xpZW50IC0-PiBDcmVhdG9yOiBkaXYgYW5kIHNjcmlwdCB0YWdzIiwibWVybWFpZCI6eyJ0aGVtZSI6ImRlZmF1bHQifSwidXBkYXRlRWRpdG9yIjpmYWxzZX0)](https://mermaid-js.github.io/mermaid-live-editor/#/edit/eyJjb2RlIjoic2VxdWVuY2VEaWFncmFtXG5hdXRvbnVtYmVyXG5DcmVhdG9yIC0-PiBDcmVhdG9yJ3MgQ2xpZW50OiBwYXltZW50IHBvaW50ZXIsIGNvbnRlbnQsIHZlcmlmaWVyIGVuZHBvaW50IChvcHRpb25hbClcbkNyZWF0b3IncyBDbGllbnQgLT4-IEV4Y2x1c2l2ZSBDb250ZW50IEdlbmVyYXRvcjogcGF5bWVudCBwb2ludGVyXG5FeGNsdXNpdmUgQ29udGVudCBHZW5lcmF0b3IgLT4-IEV4Y2x1c2l2ZSBDb250ZW50IEdlbmVyYXRvcjogZGVyaXZlcyBlbmNyeXB0aW9uIGtleSBmcm9tIHBheW1lbnQgcG9pbnRlclxuRXhjbHVzaXZlIENvbnRlbnQgR2VuZXJhdG9yIC0-PiBDcmVhdG9yJ3MgQ2xpZW50OiBlbmNyeXB0aW9uIGtleVxuQ3JlYXRvcidzIENsaWVudCAtPj4gQ3JlYXRvcidzIENsaWVudDogZW5jcnlwdHMgY29udGVudCBhbmQgdmVyaWZpZXIgZW5kcG9pbnQsIGdlbmVyYXRlcyBkaXYgdGFnXG5DcmVhdG9yJ3MgQ2xpZW50IC0-PiBDcmVhdG9yOiBkaXYgYW5kIHNjcmlwdCB0YWdzIiwibWVybWFpZCI6eyJ0aGVtZSI6ImRlZmF1bHQifSwidXBkYXRlRWRpdG9yIjpmYWxzZX0)

Author: I'll change that to include the svg in the assets as soon as we are happy with how it looks.

> The embedded JavaScript script will parse all the exclusive content <code>div</code> tags and include the proxy payment pointer in the web page's header (if there are multiple, it will select one at random). If Web Monetization is enabled by the User, receipts can now be obtained from the <code>monetizationprogress</code> events. The receipts, together with the payment pointer and the encrypted verifier endpoint, are submitted to the Cloudflare worker, which derives the encryption key and decrypts the verifier endpoint. If the worker is able to verify the receipts with the STREAM receipt verifier, it shares the encryption key with the User's client, who is now able to decrypt the content and display it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The embedded JavaScript script will parse all the exclusive content <code>div</code> tags and include the proxy payment pointer in the web page's header (if there are multiple, it will select one at random). If Web Monetization is enabled by the User, receipts can now be obtained from the <code>monetizationprogress</code> events. The receipts, together with the payment pointer and the encrypted verifier endpoint, are submitted to the Exclusive Content Generator, which derives the encryption key and decrypts the verifier endpoint. If the Exclusive Content Generator is able to verify the receipts with the STREAM receipt verifier, it shares the encryption key with the User's client, who is now able to decrypt the content and display it.
```

### Interactive example

This example page will request the decryption key for each piece of exclusive content if Web Monetization is enabled. If it is not enabled, it will say "🔒 This content is exclusive for users with Web Monetization enabled."

The example does require you to have Web Monetization enabled in your browser, hence you need to [open the page](https://exclusive-content-demo.glitch.me/) with Web Monetization enabled.

If you see the source files instead of the example, click **View App** in the bottom right.

<div class="glitch-embed-wrap" style={{ height: '420px', width: '100%' }}>
  <iframe

>     src="https://glitch.com/embed/#!/embed/exclusive-content-demo?path=index.html&previewSize=100"

Reviewer: fwiw
typo in the glitch app: `Mutlimedia Link`
and the three parts unlock, but I get this [error from the coil extension](https://github.com/coilhq/web-monetization-projects/blob/a367f8dd1c387c6d3739ab5ec0fda38a71bfaf88/packages/coil-extension/src/content/services/ContentScript.ts#L106-L109):
```
content.js:21 <iframe> (or one of its ancestors) is not authorized to allow web monetization, https://cinnamon.video/watch?v=439021293652673898
```

Author: I added `allow="monetization"` to the iframe but it is still not  a great example since the cinnamon payment pointer doesn't seem to work outside of cinnamon or with the verifier.

Author: I changed the example to be a video from archive.org using their uphold payment pointer.

    title="exclusive-content-demo on Glitch"

>     allow="geolocation; microphone; camera; midi; vr; encrypted-media"

Reviewer 2: you need to add "monetization" to the allow directive

Author: I added it but I still see 
```
<iframe> (or one of its ancestors) is not authorized to allow web monetization, https://exclusive-content-demo.glitch.me/
```

Reviewer 2: I see, did you check all the iframes in devtools? 
The whole chain has to have allow="monetization" 
If it does, then it could possibly be a bug in the policy parser

Reviewer 2: For record, we figured out it was: 
https://support.glitch.com/t/feature-request-provide-a-way-to-customize-glitch-embeds-allow-attribute/31488

Author: @sublimator and I figured out that this is due to the way glitch embeds work. I'll create a preview demo that does not depend on wm to be enabled, just like the other examples on that page.
